{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang2057\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Arial;}
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2023\mo9\dy5\hr5\min34}
}

\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440
\slmult0\ltrpar\li0
{\b\fs28
PANDAS
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Time Series and Date Handling
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.resample: Resamples time series data to a specified frequency. DataFrame.shift: Shifts the index by a specified number of periods. DataFrame.asfreq: Converts the time series to a specified frequency. DataFrame.to_datetime: Converts a column to datetime format. DataFrame.dt: Provides convenient datetime properties and methods
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Data Structures
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
pd.DataFrame(): Creates an empty DataFrame with no rows or columns. pd.Series(): Creates an empty Series with no elements
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Import and Export
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
pandas.read_csv: Reads a CSV file and returns a DataFrame. pandas.read_excel: Reads an Excel file and returns a DataFrame. pandas.read_sql: Reads SQL query results into a DataFrame. DataFrame.to_csv: Writes a DataFrame to a CSV file. DataFrame.to_excel: Writes a DataFrame to an Excel file
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Cleaning and Transformation
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.isnull: Checks for missing values in the DataFrame. DataFrame.fillna: Fills missing values in the DataFrame with specified values. DataFrame.replace: Replaces specified values in the DataFrame. DataFrame.apply: Applies a function along an axis of the DataFrame. DataFrame.map: Maps values of a Series to new values based on a specified mapping. DataFrame.duplicated: Identifies duplicated rows in the DataFrame. DataFrame.drop_duplicates: Drops duplicated rows from the DataFrame
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Visualization
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.plot: Creates various types of plots (line, bar, scatter, etc.). DataFrame.hist: Plots histograms of specified columns. DataFrame.boxplot: Generates box plots of specified columns
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Slicing and Indexing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.loc: Accesses a group of rows and columns by label(s). DataFrame.iloc: Accesses a group of rows and columns by integer position(s). DataFrame.at: Accesses a single value by label(s) and column(s). DataFrame.iat: Accesses a single value by integer position(s) and column(s). DataFrame.filter: Selects columns based on specified criteria.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
String Operations
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
Series.str.contains: Checks if a pattern is contained in each string element. Series.str.extract: Extracts substrings matching a pattern. Series.str.replace: Replaces occurrences of a pattern with a specified value
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Transformation
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.applymap: Applies a function element-wise to a DataFrame. DataFrame.transform: Applies a function group-wise to a DataFrame. DataFrame.melt: Unpivots a DataFrame from wide to long format. DataFrame.stack: Stacks the prescribed level(s) from columns to index. DataFrame.unstack: Unstacks the prescribed level(s) from index to columns.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Descriptive Statistics
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.count: Counts the number of non-null values in each column. DataFrame.mean: Computes the mean (average) value of each column. DataFrame.median: Computes the median value of each column. DataFrame.std: Computes the standard deviation of each column. DataFrame.var: Computes the variance of each column. DataFrame.min: Finds the minimum value of each column. DataFrame.max: Finds the maximum value of each column
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.corr: Computes the correlation matrix of columns in a DataFrame. Series.corr: Computes the correlation coefficient between two Series objects. DataFrame.cov: Computes the covariance matrix of columns in a DataFrame. Series.cov: Computes the covariance between two Series objects.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
Correlation and Covariance
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Aggregation and Summary
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.groupby: Groups data based on specified variables for aggregation. DataFrame.agg: Applies multiple aggregation functions to specific columns. DataFrame.pivot_table: Creates a pivot table based on specified variables. DataFrame.value_counts: Counts unique values in a column.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Exploration and Manipulation
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs24
DataFrame.head: Returns the first n rows of the DataFrame. DataFrame.tail: Returns the last n rows of the DataFrame. DataFrame.info: Provides a summary of the DataFrame's structure and data types. DataFrame.describe: Generates descriptive statistics of the DataFrame. DataFrame.shape: Returns the dimensions of the DataFrame. DataFrame.drop: Drops specified rows or columns from the DataFrame. DataFrame.groupby: Groups data based on specified variables. DataFrame.sort_values: Sorts the DataFrame by specified columns. DataFrame.merge: Merges two DataFrames based on common columns.
}
\par\pard\plain
}